
	SPELLS:

0 Flow 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play. I heal 1"
1 Cleanse ? "I heal myself or my ally 2. I'm Wearied next round"
2 Mirage 7 "I deal 1 to myself and gain an action. I Swap. When my replacement is dealt damage this round, the damage redirects to me if I'm alive. I can't re-enter play this round"
3 Tidal Wave 2 "I deal 3 to a target in play. Then, I'm Weakened until the end of next round"

4 Erupt 3 "I deal 3 to a target in play. I deal 1 to myself"
5 Singe 6 "I force an enemy in play to Swap. I can recast this Spell at 2:00 to deal 2 to a target in play"
6 Heat Up 5 "I gain a Potion. I'm Enraged this round. I can't cast this Spell again until I Swap"
7 Hellfire 3 "I deal 4 to a target in play. Then, I'm Eliminated"

8 Empower 2 "I deal 2 to a target in play. If I lost health this round, I deal 3 instead"
9 Fortify 7 "This round, I'm Disengaged and my ally is Armored. I'm Wearied next round"
10 Block C "I'm Armored this round. I can recast this Spell at 2:00 to deal 1 to any targets in play. This Spell can't counter a non-damaging Spell."
11 Landslide 3 "I target all other Elementals in play. I deal 2 to each of the targets"

12 Swoop 4 "I deal 2 to a target in play"
13 Take Flight 4 "I deal 1 to a target in play. I heal 1. I Swap if I can"
14 Whirlwind 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play. I'm Enraged, Weakened, and Wearied next round"
15 Flurry C "My Ally Swaps"

16 Surge 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play. The first time I cast this Spell, I gain a Spark"
17 Blink C "I gain a Spark. I'm Enraged until the Spell I'm countering has occurred. I can’t cast this Spell again until I Swap"
18 Defuse 6 "I Stun a target in play this round. I can’t cast this Spell again until I Swap"
19 Recharge 1 "I heal myself or my ally 1. My ally and I each gain a Spark"

20 Icy Breath 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play and Slow it until the end of next round"
21 Hail 4 "I deal 1 to any targets in play and Slow them until the end of next round"
22 Freeze 6 "I target an enemy. The target and I are Disengaged until the end of next round. I can't cast this Spell again until I Swap"
23 Numbing Cold 6 "I target an Elemental in play that is slower than me. This round, the target’s Spells deal 0 damage. I'm Wearied next round"

24 Enchain 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play and Trap it until the end of next round"
25 Animate 5 "My ally gains an action. (If they already have one, they gain a second) I'm Armored this round. I can’t cast this Spell again until I Swap"
26 Nightmare ? "I target an Elemental in play. Next round, it's Stunned and I'm Wearied"
27 Hex 5 "I Slow, Poison, or Weaken a target in play this round. I heal myself 1. The first time I cast this Spell, I heal 2 instead"

28 Fanged Bite 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play. It's Poisoned next round"
29 Infect ? "I Poison a target in play for the rest of the game"
30 Poison Cloud 5 "This round, when I'm damaged by an enemy Spell, I Poison the Spell's caster this round. I can recast this Spell at 2:00 to deal 2 to a target in play"
31 Cripple 5 "I Slow all Poisoned enemies this round, even ones not in play. I gain an action. I can't cast this Spell again until I Swap"

32 Sparkle 3 "I deal 2 to a target in play. It's Weakened next round"
33 Allure C "If the Spell I'm countering is targeting my ally, it targets me instead"
34 Fairy Dust 1 "I target up to any two allies, even ones not in play. (I can target myself) At the beginning of next round, they each gain a Potion"
35 Gift ? "I target myself or any ally, even one not in play. At the beginning of next round, the target gains a Gem. I'm Wearied next round"


	ELEMENTALS/TRAITS:

0 Will-o'-Wisp 6m Water/Flame
	Carefree "Whenever my ally deals damage to me, I’m immune to that damage"
1 Selkie 7s Earth/Water
	Blubber "When I would take damage, I don't lose health until the end of this round"
2 Nymph 6m Water/Wind
	Dive "Once per game, at counter speed, I can heal 1 and become Enraged until the Spell I'm countering has occurred"
3 Kraken 5f Water/Lightning
	Reservoir "At the beginning of the game, I gain a Gem"
4 Leviathan 6m Frost/Water
	Majestic "Once per game, immediately after I enter play, I can heal myself or my ally 2"
5 Hydra 7s Water/Shadow
	Eclipse "Once per game, at the end of a round, I can Enrage all Elementals next round, even ones not in play"
6 Siren 7s Water/Venom
	Scourge "At the end of each round, I can target another Elemental in play. I deal 1 to myself and 1 to the target"
7 Mermaid 7s Water/Jewel
	Slippery "I can cast non-damaging Spells at counter speed"
8 Salamander 5f Flame/Earth
	Burrow "At any time, I can Swap."
9 Phoenix 5f Wind/Flame
	Rebirth "The first time I take lethal damage, I retain 1 health and am Weakened for the rest of the game"
10 Dragon 6m Flame/Lightning
	Devour "Each round, the first time I damage an enemy with a Spell, I heal 1"
11 Wizard 5f Frost/Flame
	Astonish "The first time I’m in play at the beginning of a round, I'm Enraged that round"
12 Hellhound 6m Shadow/Flame
	Berserk "At the end of each round, If my ally isn't Disengaged, I can deal 1 to it and gain a Potion. I can't use this effect next round"
13 Chimera 5f Flame/Venom
	Sizzle "If I’m casting or recasting a damaging Spell onto a Poisoned target, I can deal +1 damage with that Spell. I can’t use this effect next round"
14 Genie 6m Jewel/Flame
	Best Wishes "Once per game, at any time, I can gain an action. (If I already have one, I gain a second) I can't cast damaging Spells this round"
15 Roc 6m Wind/Earth
	Screech "Once per game, at any time, I can deal 1 to all other Elementals, even ones not in play"
16 Golem 6m Lightning/Earth
	High Voltage "At the end of each round, I deal 1 to all other Elementals in play"
17 Yeti 7s Frost/Earth
	Chill "Once per game, at the end of a round, I can target a Slowed enemy in play. It's Disengaged next round"
18 Ogre 6m Shadow/Earth
	Juggernaut "I'm permanently Slowed. My damaging Spells deal +1 damage"
19 Scorpio 7s Earth/Venom
	Paralyze "Once per game, at the beginning of a round, I can Trap an enemy in play until I Swap or am Eliminated"
20 Dwarf 6m Earth/Jewel
	Inspire "Once per game, at the beginning of a round, I can Enrage myself or my ally this round"
21 Griffin 5f Wind/Lightning
	Nimble "The first time I would take damage from a non-Spell source each round, I’m immune to that damage"
22 Ghost 6m Wind/Frost
	Icy Touch "Slows I inflict last forever"
23 Wraith 5f Shadow/Wind
	Silence "I can't target myself. Immediately after I’m Eliminated, I can Eliminate the enemy in play with the lowest Health. If they're tied, I choose which to Eliminate"
24 Strix 5f Wind/Venom
	Frenzy "Once per game, if I’m casting or recasting a damaging Spell, I can deal +1 damage with that Spell. I can’t cast a different Spell until I Swap"
25 Fairy 6m Wind/Jewel
	Serenade "At the end of each round, if I have not healed this round, I heal 1"
26 Thunderbird 6m Frost/Lightning
	Sacrifice "I'm permanently Weakened. When I’m Eliminated, I can immediately fully heal any ally, even one not in play. I can Eliminate myself at any time or at counter speed"
27 Gargoyle 6m Shadow/Lightning
	Scavenger "When I Eliminate an enemy, I gain a Potion"
28 Abomination 6m Lightning/Venom
	Freak "When I enter play due to a Swap, my ally can immediately Swap."
29 Angel 7s Lightning/Jewel
	Smite "Each round, the first time I take damage from a Spell, I gain a Spark"
30 Werewolf 5f Shadow/Frost
	Shapeshift "Once per game, at the beginning of a round, I can choose any ally, even one not in play. My Spells are replaced with its Spells this round"
31 Wyrm 6m Venom/Frost
	Rancid Aura "Once per game, at counter speed, I can Weaken all Elementals, even ones not in play, until the end of next round"
32 Unicorn 5f Frost/Jewel
	Adorn "When I cast a non-damaging Spell, I become Armored this round"
33 Witch 6m Shadow/Venom
	Deceive "At counter speed, I can target any ally, even one not in play. If the Spell I'm countering would deal damage to me, the damage redirects to the target"
34 Shaman 6m Jewel/Shadow
	Mystic Arts "At any time, I can become Disengaged until the end of next round. Despite being Disengaged, I can recast this Trait at any time or at counter speed to end this effect early"
35 Basilisk 6m Venom/Jewel
	Stony Gaze "Once per game, at the beginning of a round, I can Stun and Trap myself and an enemy in play this round"


	ITEMS:

Gem "At any time or at counter speed, I can activate my Gem to heal 2"
Potion "If I'm casting a damaging Spell that has one target, I can drink my Potion to deal +1 damage with that Spell"
Spark "At counter speed, I can fling my Spark at a target in play. After the enemy Spell I'm countering has occurred, I deal 1 to the target even if I'm Eliminated or no longer in play"


	STATUS:

Wearied "I can't cast any Spells that contain the word "Wearied"
	(Spells that could be used to infinitely stall the game will make the caster "Wearied" next round, preventing them from casting any of those Spells next round)"
Enraged "I'm immune to damage"
Armored "If I would take damage from an enemy spell, I take -1 damage and am no longer Armored"
Disengaged "I'm immune to damage, I can't be targeted or affected by anything, and I can't act (I can't cast or recast Spells, use Items, cast my Trait, or Retreat)"
Stunned "I can't cast or recast Spells"
Slowed "I'm slower than non-Slowed Elementals"
Trapped "I can't Swap"
Poisoned "At the end of each round, if I'm in play, I deal 1 to myself"
Weakened "My damaging Spells deal -1 damage"